<h6>From past to present day, the monitoring and measurement of the changes in the concentration of substances in the environment to make an assessment on the growth and development of organisms living in that environment is always a matter of many organizations, businesses as well as many individuals interested. In the past, the process of gathering, storing and evaluating was often manual, so there was often a delay in issuing warnings when results were available. Currently, with the strong development of the field of science – technology in general, as well as the field of information technology in particular, has a strong impact on all aspects of social life. Environmental monitoring is also easy and fast with devices that can automatically measure and send data through multiple communication protocols along with applications that support the storage and management of monitoring information.</h6>

<h6>Environmental monitoring platform support fast and long-term data storage and help manage the most intuitive way. The platform provides functionality for two types of users: the system administrator (Admin), the end user includes the device owner, and the user is shared access to view the device. End users can send requests to create device identifiers on the system, manage devices that have been created, view and statistical data stored on each device, and share the right to view each sensor in the device for other users. The system administrator is responsible for confirming user’s machine creation requests and sending information about the device created on the system to the user. The platform is built with: Hyperledger Fabric blockchain network for storing device data, NodeJS and Firebase for server-side building, ReactJS and React Native to build client-side interfaces.</h6>
<h6>The topic “Building an environmental monitoring platform” based on blockchain technology is complete and meets the requirements for design and installation. The system is fully functional and stable.</h6>
